servus people i have been doing for a long time now
again a video and it works
this time around the berserk cup of mr
the rings the two towers knows that
I believe everyone from where the rule
has seen that crazy guy with
the torch ladies helms klamm book he yes
so that he is the one I will now
Imagine that, so I have
of course everywhere the loin protection zb
made of genuine leather and studded with beautiful
shoes made with ten on the front
also sandals
Of course there was also a century
of course a complete costume again
once again the individual moved
divide the upper body of the legs
the feet up now comes the sword
then the head so the helmet with the
upper jaw and in the lower jaw the two
Hands with the gloves and agents
shops here are small intermediate steps
but now the feet get lower body
elements place here with real countries
attached and in rotterdam
such a little video of the book I hope
you liked it
and yes maybe I will
soon again make more videos
Thank you